1. Buddha’s Appearance I did not know who I was until I'd reached the age of forty-four.As a result, as opposed to having unique trials of life, unlike that of others, I had a lone dream.Not having experienced the humanly love when I was growing up, I’ve always thought about the society that I grew up in, and kept in my heart the love that had to blossom in the midst of the many people that were living in that society.  However, the environment that surrounded me lacked the conditions where love could have blossomed.My conscience had become the subject of fear by the people around me, and in some instances, also the subject of mockery.Through myself, I had learned to feel the loneliness of the world, and although I wrote essays as a way of protest, there was no one around me that gave consoling words to me.   In April of 1983, a stranger came to my house.And he talked to me, every day, with the words of both appeasement and threats for the next few days. “To eat well and live well, will you be a false sinner without sins in this age.”Identifying himself as 'Yoon', he made a proposal, even showing his citizen identification card.If I do not speak truthfully of my opinions on the events that were happening in the world out loud, he would offer me riches that will allow my family to live bountiful lives.  The riches that he had offered were that he would broker certain rights for some land and with superlative rights.I shed unexplainable tears when I heard him.Before my continually shedding tears, he also became solemn. I had cried for a very long while that day.After many hours had passed, I spoke. “I have nothing to spend the money on.”He left, but as usual, he came back the next day.Then he murmured to himself. “There is nothing to spend the money on?”As if he couldn't believe my words, he appeared to be impressed by what I said, as he kept repeating my reply from the other day.His response was expected as they knew my situation more accurately than my own family, how could my attitude be understood by them.If that person's influence was such that he could propose that kind of rights without any conditions, then without even being transparent about himself, it was possible to assume his mission or identity.After several days have passed, he no longer appeared before me.  However, instead of feeling liberated, my heart began to feel lonely again.  There was no one, around me, that was able to understand my actions.  Everyone that I knew only spoke the words of disappointment and my aching heart for the world, turned me to drinking.As I looked at myself, becoming more and more lethargic, I saw my own dream of seeing a great nation and people, being crushed.I made a new choice and shared my decision with my wife.Upon hearing that I will be leaving the home for undetermined number of years, my wife intensely opposed my proposal.Although it was not easily agreed upon, my definitive decision and determined attitude have eventually worn out my wife, as time passed.  As a result, gods have allowed my wife to approve my proposal. I left to find a place to pursue my decision, and after almost a year later, I had finally found a place.  It was a small island in Kyungsang Namdo, Tongyoung-Kun, Yokjimyon, Yeonwhari .Until just before I had left, I had been saddened by the futures of my countless neighbors, based on seeing their fates.   I also bewailed with this poem so that they can have an understanding. There is nowhere to go as conscience becomes sin Suffering from all the hardships, there is nothing to unfoldHolding the abilities of thousand men, but unable to use itIs being born just a fate.However, there was no one that considered dearly of their future.  Therefore, I was rejected more and more by them.  The only thing that I could have offered from my own conscience and courage while living in their midst, was lamenting. On November 13, 1984, after coming to the world and unable to change myself from becoming a sinner, although not a sinner, I chose a life of exile on an island in the middle of the ocean.  Through this, all about my-self began to get discovered.  As my residence was remote from everything, even on the island, no one came to see me, or was there anyone for me to meet.  I focused on working to calm my long, exhausted spirit, and during down times, I went up on the hills in the back, to observe the surroundings. Then one day, I began to have the following thought.Who is my-self?It was an intense question as to how I can know those things about myself.Then a thought passed through my head.That is, one must enter a supernatural state, where the supernatural state is to return to the mind before one’s body had been formed.I decided to conduct a test to test myself, which was to look into the thoughts that were held through my body, one by one.  I began to count my age in reverse. “43, 42, 41, ...” After unveiling my thoughts one by one, I've reached the world of nothingness and I saw a mind, in that world, which was none other than the root of my-self.Since then, I felt big changes in my life, and my mind saw the things of the world that can only be seen, and the experiences that can only be experienced in the body of those that were enlightened.  The first things that I saw were the disappearances of agony, delusion from the mind, and the dulling of the emotions.Although I was alive, my feeling wasn't that of belonging to a living and at the same time, it wasn't of the dead either.Therefore, I knew that I, myself, was the Buddha.Ever since then, my body rejected meat and stopped having the feeling of lust.  Also, as the thoughts of fame did not occur, the thoughts about materialistic things have been eliminated.  Then one day, I took a trip and someone showed me a very displeasing thing.  Yet, my heart did not fill with rage.  Rather, it was filled with a bigger joy.After seeing such things, I began to sing about the things in the world. Everything in the world is a teacher.Having encountered them,There is guidance in meeting and parting.All things hold graceAs happiness is in meBlessing is like keeping and doing thingsAs in farming. One night in the Spring of 1985, I came across a message, through my heart, which was being told from far away.At that time, my heart was filled with emotions for which I could not express my feelings, and my mind was only feeling that emotion.  Then the following words came to my heart. “Bless conscience, righteousness and love through the human world.” And in the next few days, the following words were once again heard.“Knowing the truth is lonely, telling the truth brings curse.” At each such time, my heart felt like exploding with emotions, and the message came clearly into my heart.If the heavens did not tell me these two messages to me, the work that I wish to carry out today might have been extremely difficult.  After spending about 2 years on the Yeonwha Island, I had to come back to the mainland.  It was because I had things to do.I know my work and I sang it this way.I am a drifter  A drifter with a load  Illuminating brightly  I am a drifter with a load of treasures I am a drifter  A drifter with a load  Came to seek from far away  I am a drifter with a load of treasuresI am a drifter  A drifter with a load  Set out to find the lonely  I am a drifter with a load of treasures I am a drifter  A drifter with a load  Coming to the world  I am a drifter searching for my master It is an extremely difficult thing to search for truth from humans, for the world.There was a very big wall between the people and myself as I sought complete enlightenment in order to save them.As I expressed to my wife about myself as an enlightened person and explain the reason why I came to this world, she attempted to convince me, believing that something was wrong with me.She begged to not try to become like Buddha and try to become a good husband.  I wasn't able to even convince my wife and my children.I've tried to tell my truth to everyone that was close to me, but only to have them turn their backs on me, upon hearing.In the end, the effort of those 3 years resulted in having not only meet any, one truthful person, but also chasing away the people that were close to me. Each day, I had to see, multiple times, the things that humans could not experience.The heavens demanded too many big trials from me, with respect to attempting to save the world.  I continued to experience endless expectations, despair and frustrations within me.  Also, no matter where I went, I was the only person that could console me.  In such days, I felt so lonely that I even expected the following.I promised that 'I will grant all wishes of one that would give me little help'.  Even then, there wasn't any one human that would believe me. Occasionally, when I met someone, their wishes were always to be helped get healed of his illness that the hospital cannot heal.  My expectation was that such person would have interest in me if I was to grant his wish and heal him, but only to learn that the healed person would just transfer the illness to me and never to return to see me.Yet, I did not stop being diligent with the work that I do.  No matter how hard one devises and thinks, it is not an easy task to tell truth to people.Where ever there were people, I ran there, only to find no one welcoming me.That day, I also went somewhere, and told the person in charge, who was lying to the people.“I can truly help you.  If you were to promise to see what I do and help me with my work then I will be able to heal those that are suffering from illnesses, and if there are people that come here to pray and seek truth, I will show how to take away all those misfortunes from them.  Would you try to learn and become a teacher for doing such things?”Then that person showed extreme discomfort, even saying objectionable things to me, such that I wasn't able to talk to him any longer.  I felt all my energy draining from me, and I simply left the place.I was only filled with defeat as I crossed the road and headed to the bus stop.  - To be continued -