#Buddha’s WayBeloved Brothers.I have been travelling in order to save the mankind’s way, and I’ve come to this place to awaken the mankind from their dark minds.Although I do not speak a word of English or Thai, I will do everything I can in order to accomplish this mission.Today, the world is on a dangerous path, and such crisis was there in the past and will continue to be in the future.However, do not fear.This situation manifests to make a better world and the world itself has been shaped to accomplish just that.Therefore, if you seek to save the world, you will also be able to save yourselves,Should you abandon the world, you will also perish.The choice belongs to you and your choice will also be respected.Miracle will not occur under any circumstances.Should there occur a miracle, it is only the result of your endless efforts.I will share the purpose of my visit here.I plan to destroy your delusional words and foolish lives.I request you to save yourselves within the realistic world.I wish to pose one question to you.‘What are you doing right now?’If you can see the resultThen you will see how your present will influence your future.However, you have no understanding of such implications.You have to also see the future root causes that currently exist in the present.I wish to help you with such tasks.Our encounter today is a very precious one for you and me.The reason for the rare existence of truthful person in today’s worldIs because the truth no longer flows in this world,The reason for the truth not working is because truth is precious to people.In fact, if someone truly loves oneself, it will be possible for him to know oneself.He, who understands oneself, will be able to see both the past and future.The foolish will perish, but he, who knows oneself, will save himself.If you desire to seek that path then be awakened.If you want to travel that path then try.If you seek to obtain truthfulness then you must first know the truth.I will now tell you Buddha’s true meaning.The blind only doubts the world, and is unable to understand his own darkness.How can Buddha exist in such a world?The reason for heaven to show Buddha is to cause this world to be.The world creates the Buddha’s way so that the people may know the heaven’s meaning.Attaining one thing, leading to attaining another, is the way.If you cannot see me, how could I teach you?The Buddha’s way was in the past, and will also be in the future.As I will tell you a fact, which isIf you can hear, you can attain the world and everlasting life.How can one man make himself whole?Only after making himself whole, Bautama Siddhartha approached others.People asked how he came to the full enlightenment.Then he replied.‘For countless number of years, I’ve served the core nature of the human beings.’Therefore, you have to listen and believe Buddha’s words,Ask what is the root of goodnessThat must be understoodThen the way of Buddha will open before you.If you are looking to hear the Buddha’s world from me, that is in vain.Although I fully understand that world, it isn’t through my experience that I speak, rather,I speak through the experience of Bautama Siddhartha.The reason is that no one knows the Buddha’s heart, yet many speak as if they know it.However, unless one becomes a Buddha, no one can ever see his heart.Buddha used the expression of nirvana.  It means that he saw himself in the world where there is Buddha.What Buddha had taught was the law of cause and effect.His truthfulness was able to shed light on the world.As he needed to tell the truth to someone, he could not stay at one place for very long.He crisscrossed the country in his search for the heart of truthfulness.Buddha does not know the blind’s (mankind’s) world, and mankind’s world does not know Buddha’s world either.So Buddha travelled endlessly to seek those that would understand his words.His, such diligence has lent to the existence of Buddha’s way in this world again.As people do not know the law of cause and effect,They cannot see the reality of the world that is widely opened up before them.It is because their truthfulness is insufficient.Buddha begged the mankind to not to ruin themselves.The core parts of the Buddhist scriptures show the result of sin committed by people in foolishness.If you know the law of cause and effect, saving yourself will become very simple.If not then you will abandon yourself very easily.I wish to bring two teachings.Serve yourself.And serve the world.If you can learn these two things, you will attain everlasting life and paradise.The more important work is to teach this fact.From now on, I will prove my truthfulness.Ask of anything.  You will receive the most accurate answer.As I have come to seek you, you will know that I am certainly not foreign to you.As such, the Buddha’s way will exist in the world forever.<The University Jilligwan Chullarongkon, Bangkok, Thailand, Jan. 1, 1989>