Sam Han Lee, Chairman, Natural Sciences Studies
VS
Ki Whan Kim, Moon Woo Lee, Hwoi Sim Jeong  Recently, both in the country and overseas, there have been noticeable emergence of the application of Chi *Tai-Chi* Meditation, in many popular training methods used to cleanse the mind, address social issues, and bring about social discourse? 
Today, the word vitality is used quite often within the human society, and to achieve vitality, we see many people practicing Tai-Chi or meditation.
Chi is not visible to human eyes, and as a result, there are many questions surrounding it as it is difficult to understand even if one is to learn about it from a well versed person.
Despite that, many individuals do not realize how risky their actions maybe when following others’ advices without verifying its truths.
First, let’s find out what Chi refers to.
Chi refers to energy and heightened feeling of ambience without seeing.  Chi can be further divided into ‘vitality’ and ‘lethargy’ as two forms of heightened feeling of ambience or energy.
  Vitality is the live energy, the energy that keeps oneself while lethargy defines the pure energy, the energy that does not keep oneself.
Additionally, vitality can be further categorized into two forms.  The first form refers to the vitality that is contained in the plants and animals foods, which are absorbed by various physical organs as they are eaten and digested.
  This type of vitality transforms into energy that is necessary for the body when one moves from one location to another as needed, and such ingested vitality becomes the source of the energy in performing life activities for the person. 
 As such, there do not appear any notable side-effects when the energy contained in some substance with a form is ingested by a new subject and converted into a source of energy for that subject, through the absorption of the original energy by other substances of the new subject.However, the other kind of vitality, which is accepted through many training methods and also the subject of the question, does not refer to the energy that is absorbed by physical organs, rather they refer to the energy that travel throughout the body and become the source of diseases and other issues.
The vitality that is ingested by eating objects, such as grains, plants, Ascidians, Fish, Meat, gets immediately absorbed as its energy enters the body.
However, if people take in the vitality that are in the air, rather than through ingestion of objects, then the energy that enters your body will cause many diseases and problems.  The reason is that such vitality is a live energy, which keeps itself.  Upon entering your body, instead of getting absorbed, this energy travels throughout the body, preventing normal activities by causing breakages, and at times, it overtakes conscious by attaching itself to the conscious system.
Therefore, by applying many of the trending methods, such as xx Tai-Chi, xx Meditation, Brain Respiration, xx Moral Technique, xx Self Cultivation in order to achieve vitality, not only does it lead one to danger, but can also lead to grave results by killing off one’s spirit as conscious maybe lost.Some people claim that they were healed of diseases after absorbing Chi.  But this is a very dangerous thing.  Although on rare occasions, it is possible to heal diseases that may not be possible to heal by using modern medicine, if someone feels comfort by absorbing Chi while fighting illness, the reality is that he is feeling the comfort because he has lost his awareness, which is the case of making his spirit even miserable.
Lethargy refers to the pure energy that does not hold oneself.
Lethargy does not contain much nutrients or energy.  When we drink water, the energy contained in water enters our body.  This is lethargy.
As this type of Chi is very small, it does not provide much help during the activities of people or cells.  That’s how small the energy is.  
Although both vitality and lethargy are in the air, majority of energy that people absorb during normal breathing is lethargy.  This lethargy never damages people’s health.  No matter how much is absorbed, lethargy does not cause harm.However, the vitality that is in the air holds oneself, it resists from easily entering into human body.  At the same time, if people absorb vitality without fearing it, great harm will come to the human world.  Through media, you are most likely familiar with the issue that is associated with a form of Tai-Chi, Falun Gong.  The practitioners are said to be inhaling the vitality in the air as they perform exercise like poses.  
People do not usually perform health exercises when recommended.  Also, people do not easily follow instructions if they were asked to unite while doing health exercises.
Furthermore, when asked to propagate and provide health exercises available because they are good things, people do not do so.  Finally, no one will protest against the government should the government prevent people from performing health exercises.  No one will consider health exercises as a subject of protest.
However, Falun Gong, a form of Tai-Chi, exercised its influence and pressed the Chinese government to legalize it.  As a result, the Chinese government had undertaken an investigation into Falun Gong and ordered the protesting organization to dismantle.  
Why is such event occurring?  Like Korea, great many changes are taking place within the Chinese society.  What are being referred to as these societal changes?
It refers to this vitality exercise or the act of absorbing spirits into people’s bodies.  
It is easy to see that there are exercises that connect spirits and people everywhere in the world.  If spirit gets to control people, anything, including mob action can be made possible.  Many things that are beyond our common sense can occur.
  There are countless organizations that are active, fronting Chi in our society as well.
Recently, they said that one can improve academic performances through brain respiration training.  This is hard to understand through common sense. 
 A certain student, who was in the middle of his class, has improved his academic performance to the top level of his class, vying for being the 1st or 2nd in the class, after starting brain respiration training.  Very dangerously, those people, who lack the preconceived notion of reality, can easily be drawn into such claims.
  How did that student come to excel in academics?  When people run high temperatures, the brain activities become hindered.  In such conditions, even little things cause one to become overly sensitive and deteriorate the ability to memorize.  
In other words, this is a phenomenon that occurs as blood does not easily flow to the brain due to some disabilities in the blood vessels, either inside the chest or head. 
 This phenomenon occurs in the back of the head:  The weakened cerebellum causes anemia and as the temperature rises in the area, the brain activity gets impeded, leading to deterioration in the ability to accept reality, thus resulting in a drop in the academic performance.   In such situation, by resolving the problems that impedes the student’s heart activity or improve blood flow to the head by removing problems that cause poor blood circulation, the student will recover normal brain activities.  From that point, depending on the student’s efforts, his grades will eventually improve.However, it is rare for a child, who suffers from short attention span, to improve his focus and suddenly raise academic performance in a short time.  If the source of the problem or the process is not understood, such occurrence may be described as a miracle.  However, when the source of the problem or the process is learned, there is, in fact, no miracle.  
If something unusual occurs without any cause or process, we must investigate the circumstances.  If such circumstances are not clearly investigated, it will be very difficult for people to understand the things of this world.  If a student experiences sudden changes in his academic performance, after practicing brain respiration for a few months, then his conscious is being controlled by the energy that had entered him from the air.There are many examples through which these occurrences can be explained.In Tibet, there is a group of people, called Rimpoche.The word, Rimpoche, refers to reincarnation of a dead person.  A certain Rimpoche is able to speak before reaching the age of two, claims to be someone in the past and remember and recognize certain items or speeches that were used in the past life.  Such occurrences are not normal and out of the ordinary.Other people require learning a language for a long time after birth, and are conditioned to remember things only after by seeing them.  Then how was it possible for this child to speak and recognize things right after birth?That is because a spirit of a dead person has entered the child and mistakes himself as being reincarnated, borrowing the child’s body, or pretends to be reincarnated, speaking and acting, using the child’s physical abilities.As a simple example, a smart person with a college degree has died, but his/her spirit was unable to enter the samsaric cycle, it enters another person’s body after wondering about for a while, controlling the person’s conscious.  The person, whose consciousness is being controlled, then is subconsciously able to know the answers to test problems.A person, having another being in his body through spiritual contact, would know what kind of problems will appear on tests as the content will be reflected in his consciousness, even prior to receiving the test paper.This is not a case of performing well through hard work.  This is not a case of seeing by a living consciousness. Rather it is a case of seeing through a spirit of a dead person.  If such occurrences take place after brain respiration exercises then this is an indication of another living energy, entering oneself.  By having a clear understanding of such process, one can see that performing brain respiration exercises will make oneself very unfortunate.  However, parents still insist on sending kids, who perform poor in school, to brain respiration exercises.  In fact, it is perfectly OK for kids to do poorly at school.  Depending on the basis of the person, there are many who does well in life even their performances at school is poor.  The test scores do not determine one’s future.It can be possible to improve a child’s performance at school through brain respiration exercises, but one must be cautious that by doing this, it can be possible to ruin the child’s future by having the child lose himself and become a strange person.  As such, it is very dangerous for people to accept the vitality that is in the air.As they claim, if vitality is good and necessary for people, and that it is possible to intake nutrients that are in food by inhaling the air, we do not need to eat.  After eating food, its waste exits our body in the form of urine and excretion while the vitality that is in the food gets absorbed and used.    But if we can choose and pick what vitality to inhale from the air then there really is no need for us to be eating any food.  Scientifically speaking, is it not that even air has mass?  Then one’s weight should increase upon stepping on to a scale, just as it would after eating food, so would after inhaling a lot of vitality that is in the air.We must remember that it is dangerous to believe something as reality without any real proof.  How should one understand the identity of Chi?  The answer lies in seeing the reality.All energy is in objects and moving life forms.  The world follows the law of the jungle.  The strong preys on the weak.  Even a holy man must eat grain or plants in order to live.However, since the plants are life forms as well, everyone eats a life form to live.  It is because vitality exists in life forms.  It is perfectly safe for people to eat the vitalities that are in such life forms, but to intake the vitality in the air is very dangerous.  Eating well and sleeping well is a good thing.  However, not eating well and not sleeping well indicates a problem.Everyone must guard against taking in the vitality that’s in the air, but in general, the vitality does not easily come into contact with those that stay busy.  Also, those who are hard working do not have interest in Tai-Chi or some strange activities.  However, people who have a lot of free time, are unable to focus and have built up stress seek out of the ordinary ways to resolve their problems.  Hence, by having interest in strange things, leans to doing strange things and eventually, strange things materialize to himself.  The vitality in the air sets up traps for those people that come in contact with it and either enters the body of a trapped person, or contacts those who lack caution, or are of weak conscious.   If something like this happens to someone, he may do certain unwanted things without hesitation.  That occurs as he would have lost his awareness.  These are very unfortunate occurrences for the individual.  The mass media is doing very irresponsible things in our society.  Without any knowledge of Tai-Chi or brain respiration exercises, the media invites those who practice them, giving them platforms, to drum up people’s interests.  This is nothing more than the mass media companies taking the lead in providing the sources that muddy and destroy the society itself.  A guest, who calls himself some enlightened person on TV, demonstrates Tai-Chi and claims that if one has reached a high consciousness level, one can easily levitate in the air.  Whatever is the high consciousness level and high level skill?  What is the relationship between one’s good life and levitating in the air in strange clothes?If it is true just because they speak as if they are great and truly excellent then why is it that only recently are they surfacing in the dark society of our country, even though there lived countless of many people throughout the thousands, tens and thousands of years.  This occurrence can be simply explained as an event in the end of the world. For some unexplained reason, the mass media in our society is leading the introduction and pushing of uninvestigated things.  Especially the TV programs often show them to stimulate people’s interests by fanning the falsehood that these things are in fact proven truths and helping people to do those things.  Such happenings will bring about great misfortunes to our society in the future.  It is possible to draw a conclusion by observing those occurrences that the reality is that unproven things become the subject of people’s interest in dark, politically confused society.  One must continuously be reminded that one can be greatly harmed by simply believing what others say in today’s world.  We must constantly put our guards up to such things.  If not, one must always think that harm may come in one’s way when least expected.  By ignoring this aphorism and accepts unknown vitality, one will lose one’s own life forever and will become the source of harms that are brought to many other people.  Everyone must observe and understand those things that exist in the world.  If anyone pays attention to this conversation, verify, and learn, one will bless oneself through life of health, good life and the fruits of good life.  