I am not a disciple of Buddha.I have come to know Buddha on my own, I wholeheartedly agree with his advices, and all that I have done was to have accepted them and worked hard, pushing myself to reach my limits. I describe it as the green frog in the Korean folktale and Buddha as his father.   ‘Concerned by their baby green frog, who always acted in opposite to what was being asked of him, the parents’ final request to the baby frog was to have them buried by the river upon their deaths.  They believed that the baby frog will then do the opposite and bury them in the hills, but the green frog followed his parents’ final wishes only after they had died.  On the next day, a rain storm washed the graves down the river.  Whenever the rain comes since then, the green frog cries in repentance of his behavior as he remembers his parents.’   This folktale leads me to reflect on my life in many ways.*Through the folktale of the green frog, I acutely realize that it is a story of enlightenment told by a wise man by pointing out the characteristics of those who are blind.*  Dear readers,It is important to observe the Buddha’s words, writings, and acts that are depicted on the Nature’s Teachings Publication website, with high interest and with all your hearts and souls.Brushing over an entire sentence is same as if you have abandoned your search.It is imperative to trace and understand the meaning of each word, one by one.  If not, it is impossible to see the truth in Buddha’s words, writings, and acts.Further, it becomes even more impossible to understand the true characteristics in Buddha’s words, writings, and acts that were done in the contrary.  Hope you succeed.  Do try.  Will help you to get on the road to success in the end.Through many years of tussling with the Nature’s Teachings Publication, I have decided to overlook the nickname, which was made and used by the Nature’s Teachings Publication in describing me that I never wanted.I am highly confident in leading and guiding.  However,As Buddha had not met anyone who recognized him when he came to this world, being worried about no one welcoming me when I approach others is not being fearful or cautious, but it is because I already know the obvious results.Therefore, under any circumstances, I will not be leading in front of others.  If the Nature’s Teachings Publication did not persistently make requests, as I currently have work to do and will continue to have other projects to work on in the future, I do not see the necessity nor duty to write these words.  *This page is an editorial version of the Guide’s original text performed by the Nature’s Teachings Publication, after strong requests by the Nature’s Teachings Publication.*