### Buddha’s WayAfter being born as a human  And to seek to stand in the place of Buddha,  First, the basis must have been made,  Second, there must be help from the world and heaven,  And one must be born with the connection to the time.   If after someone without the basis reads the words of unrighteous person,  And seeks to attain results that he does not possess,  He will first destroy his body and conscience,  And he will lead himself into calamity.  If someone without piety seeks god or Buddha,  The one without piety will live a life of vain, fooled by the words of the unrighteous people.   As every resulting thing in the world  Is the collective manifestation of everything that is with basis and foundation,  If one seeks good result,  One must observe the foundation and build that basis.    To attain good basis, one must abandon his work,  If one seeks to abandon his work,  One must first burn his own mind through pious acts,  If the mind is burned, the basis of his work that is present in the mind will be erased.  If the preexisting work is erased, anguishing delusion will be erased,  If anguishing delusion disappears, vain thoughts will not tangle one,  Only then one can place himself in the righteous path.   If man enjoys righteous work, one’s his mind will brighten,  If one’s mind brightens, one will feel light,  Conscience will shine and stoke great bravery,  One can attain good self through his own living.   The place of enlightenment is at the crossing point of the beginning and the end,  Whoever sees the things that are here upon arrival, One can claim himself to be enlightened.   &lt;February 23, 1993&gt;