###Righteous Person The teachings of a righteous person  Lead to redemptions of those that are drowning in falsehood,  The teachings of unrighteous person stokes resentment,   And lead humans into falsehood by causing them to believe in falsehood.  The presence of good and evil in this world is because there are truth and untruth,  One that relies on truthfulness will travel the endless path of light,  And one that falls into falsehood will wander in the unending darkness.     God is born of within life, and life is born of god,  If life dies then god is born, and if god does, life is born. Those that rely on the teachings of a righteous does not attempt to dwell on, his life, anywhere,  He, himself, decides where to be born and to stay through the freedom that he holds.  And those with great piety will reach and stay in paradise and heaven,  Things that were within relationships are great and awesome.   To say that there is hell in this world means,  Those that fail to build good relationships with the world, but fall into bad relationships  Believe in falsehood and relies on resentment and being chained to his relationships,  One that has own burden, although desires, is not able to take rest  Staying in a world, where one is not able to be born, yet wants to be born is what is being implied.  If there is someone who has not any good relationships and also did not build bad relationships,  He will be immediately born as there is no place to rest even after death.   What is truly awesome is that the paths of good luck and misfortune for oneself  Is determined by own efforts and actions.  Therefore, the one who gave the greatest love in the world  Is the one that taught oneself the path to good living.   &lt;February 23, 1993&gt;	