###Truth and Truthfulness  Truth is the foundation of basis, and truthfulness is the result of the basis.  Truth is what brought things to be while to be is truthfulness,  He, who sees what is there and speaks what is there, is truthful.   There is blessing in following a truthful person, and there is blessing in serving a truthful person,  The activities of blessed will be accompanied by light, and those with activities that are accompanied by light will have good hearts,  Those with good hearts will have good basis.  As healthy are those with clear and pure basis, pure mind and healthy life,  Those that have good health, healthy mind, and healthy life are forever happy.  Hearing the truthfulness will save oneself from falsehood,  Seeing the truthfulness leads to saving the world from falsehood.   As everything in the world will become as was in the truthfulness,  Ruining the truthfulness leads to growth of falsehood, growth of falsehood leads to abundance of deceiving and being deceived.   Resentment grows in those who are being deceived, and those that deceive grows resentment in their hearts by the act of deceiving,  Growth of falsehood leads to ruining the humans, growth of resentment leads to world’s ruin.  Everything in the world is to be based on the basis and foundation,  Ruining the foundation leads to ruining the basis, ruining the basis leads to ruining the results,  He, who ruins oneself once, will wander in the midst of misfortune forever.   &lt;February 23, 1993&gt;  